emacs: {28,29.1-rc1} -> 29.1 (#246203)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2311.section.md

- The binary of the package `cloud-sql-proxy` has changed from `cloud_sql_proxy` to `cloud-sql-proxy`.

> - Emacs was upgraded from version 28 to 29. This includes many major aditiions, most notably the pgtk variant for Wayland users which is available under the attribute `emacs-pgtk`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Emacs was upgraded from version 28 to 29. This includes many major additions, most notably the pure GTK variant for Wayland users which is available under the attribute `emacs-pgtk`.
```

Author: Thanks!

> - Emacs was upgraded from version 28 to 29. This includes many major aditiions, most notably the pgtk variant for Wayland users which is available under the attribute `emacs-pgtk`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Emacs was upgraded from version 28 to 29. This includes many major additions, most notably the pgtk variant for Wayland users which is available under the attribute `emacs-pgtk`.
```

Reviewer 3: Correct me if I'm wrong, but pgtk is not restricted to Wayland users (although it is very useful for them).
